1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.

Ans:-
expression- str("hello")
Values - str(123455)

2. What is the difference between string and variable?
Ans:-
String is a expression and data and variable use to call the string or data.

3. Describe three different data types.
Ans:-
there are many types of data types in python.
like-
1. string
2. interger
3. Floating Point Number
4. Boolean data
5. list
6.tuple

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
Ans:-
An expression is a combination of values, variables, operators, and/or function calls that can be evaluated to a single value.
all expression evaluate to a value , expreassion can be use to perform calculation , comparison or assign values to variable.

5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
Ans:-
Here are spam is and exprassion which have assign a value (10), so we can use exprassion to call value .variable's name is expression.

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1

Ans:- bacon=23


7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
Ans:-
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3

Ans:- 
'spamspamspam'  (Here we are performing 2 method , first one to concatenate to string and second once is by multplying the string)

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
Ans:-
  In python variables are define as letter of starts with underscore with number where "eggs" having letter so that is variable while "100" is neither starts with underscore nor having any letter.
  
 9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
 Ans:- 
  int() , flot() & str() can used to get the integer n floating-point number or string version of a value.
  
  10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
  'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'
  
  Ans:-
  Here we are trying to concanatinate three values togather by using plus (+) , but here only expression can be concatinated to expression, while above given 
  expresion trying to concanate values also which showing error that data types are not same.
  
  
  
